[Autogenerated] Let's go to a multi account AWS organization and
create a role in one account to allow access to users from a
different AWS account in the organization will create a group in
the trusted account and add a user to the group who we want to
authorized to assume the role.
We'll then see this type of cross account access in action.
Here's our AWS organization.
I'm currently logged in to the master account.
This shows up as the root of the organization we can See the two accounts Demo,
which is the master account denoted by the star and the security count,
which is where we will create the I am users,
which will then assume roles to access other AWS accounts in
the organization under the Global app.
One organizational unit is the Global app Dev AWS account.
This will be the trusting account where we will define a role to access.
Resource is in that account.
Let's go to the AWS console for the Globo app Deva account
so we can create that role on the top,
right we can see the name of the account Globo app,
Dev and we're on the rolls page.
Let's create a role to allow another AWS account.
Access to some resource is in this account.
I'll get the account IDE of the security account.
Then we'll set the permissions for this demo.
We're going to allow E C two full access.
I'll select the AWS managed policy.
We won't create any tags.
Then we'll give the role a name and a description.
I'll call it, allow easy to full access and give it a description.
Will hit, create role and let's take a look at what was created.
I'll copy the role error n since we'll need this in the trusted account to
create the policy that will allow users to assume this role.
The other thing that you want to copy is the link to users
who can switch roles in the console.
This will pre fill the required fields when they go to
switch role and save a little bit of time.
Under permissions are the permissions policies or those things that say what
access we're going to allow to the resource is in this account.
In this case, it's Amazon, etc.
To full access under trust relationships.
This is the policy that's defining who we are going
to allow to assume this role.
Currently under trusted entities,
it lists the account number of our security account.
You can edit the trust relationship to add or modify any trusted entities.
This is where you could change the principles that
error allowed to assume the role.
I'll go ahead and cancel out,
since we want to allow any member of that account to assume this role.
Now let's switch over to the security account so that we
can create a group and define a policy that allows certain
users to assume this role.
Here's the security account where the I am users are defined.
Let's first create a policy that will allow the user to assume the EEC to
full access role that we just created in the other account.
This policy will allow the assume roll action on the role
that we just created from the other account.
As you set up your account in AWS organizations with multiple AWS accounts,
you'll probably want to come up with some sort of naming
convention for all of your groups and policies that you're
going to be assigning users to.
I'll just call this one, assume global app.
One de V C to policy, and I'll put a lot of details in the description.
I'll create the policy.
Now we're ready to create a group and attach this policy to.
The group will go to groups notice there's only one group right now.
Administrators.
I'd like to create a new group to manage which users
will be able to assume this role.
We'll give it a group name again.
You want to come up with some sort of naming convention
to keep track of all of your groups?
We'll search for the policy that we just created.
Select that.
Then go to the next step.
We'll double check the information, then create the group.
Let's take a look at our users.
I've created three users so far an administrator who's in the administrators
group than to other users that I haven't assigned to any group.
Let's assign user one to the group that can assume the role and
will leave user to unassigned to any group.
Now that the user has been added to that group,
let's log in as that user assumed the role,
then spin up in easy to instance in the Dev account.
We're now logged in as user one from the security account.
Let's use the role URL to configure the role for this user.
Notice how it pre fills theater count and roll.
This user can customize the display name if they wish.
I'll call it Global One Dev E C.
Two and I'll make it blue Notice how the username
changed from Dev one to Global One Dev.
E.
C.
Two.
I'm now in the Global One Dev account.
Let's go to Easy to and launch an instance We successfully launched an
instance we can See it initializing Let's go back to the Global One Dev
account as the admin user to see this instance that we've just launched
using a different user from a different account.
Here's our global app Dev user we'll check out easy to was
select the region where it was launched Ohio and we can see
the running instantiate was launched.
Once our user is finished doing things in the DEV account,
they can select the menu, then go back to use her one.
Now the user has switched back to their normal
permissions in their original account.
Let's try logging in as user too,
and see what happens when we try to assume the role.
Remember,
User to was not added to the group that is allowed to
assume the role we're logged in as user,
too.
Let's try to assume the role we've used the same URL to fill in the information.
We'll skip the optional display name and we get an error.
Let's go ahead and add user to to the group.
Now, if we try again, user to is able to assume the role.
Let's go terminate that instance that was started before the
role allows full control over easy to.
So we're able to terminate these instantiate.
Remember, when you're using rolls to access,
resource is in another account there to places where the
access must be allowed in the trusted account,
you must have a policy that allows users to assume the role
that you've created in the trusting account.
And in the trusting account,
the trusted account must be listed as a trusted entity.
If we were to remove this account as a principal,
no one in the other account could assume the role. Both policies have to be in place